Language on social media platforms changes quickly in this digital age, reflecting changes in culture. Studying this change in language is important as it looks at how people incorporate popular terms from the media into their writing. This in turn, provides an insight into the dynamic relationship that exists between online communication and larger cultural trends. Gaining an understanding of this evolution not only improves our understanding of the use of modern language and its effects on society, but it's also beneficial for understanding the impact of cultural trends. The change of language on social media can be interpreted as a lot of different things. This study will focus on the frequency of words during certain periods, or societal happenings. More specifically, the topic of this research is the use of the words "climate change" on Twitter outside of election time and during election time. Examining the frequency of words, in this case "climate change," on Twitter over time provides a useful insight on how to view public debate, media coverage, and the impact of the elections on the sentiment and interest people have with regards to climate change.

Considering the topic of this research is very specific, no previous research has been done about the exact same thing and even the topic of language use on social media and its relation to cultural trends has been studied little. However, there are several papers that are still relevant to the topic. 

<!---
Sabinesafarova/Sabinesafarova is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
